== README

This app enables the user to create bookmarks and add tags to them. The user can search though bookmarks and sites, and filter by tags. The search feature matches tags as well as attributes on the bookmark/site. The part of searching that generates a SQL LIKE statement has been extracted into a concern at app/models/concerns/searchable.rb. This concern can be applied to any future model:


inside model.rb:

include Searchable

searchable_by :column1, :column2, :column3 ... etc


Then you can call Model.search(query) which will generate SQL LIKE queries joined together by OR for each of the columns specified in searchable_by.

The app uses Ruby 2.0.0, Rails 4, SQLite3 in dev and PostGres in production. It is deployed on heroku and can be viewed at http://bookmarkio.herokuapp.com/

== Clone

1. git clone https://github.com/bhaity/bookmarkio.git

2. cd bookmarkio/

3. bundle install

4. rake db:migrate

5. rails s


== Gems/JS used



gem 'acts-as-taggable-on' - provides tagging functionality for bookmarks

gem 'metainspector' - pulls metadata like title, description and keywords from the URL

gem 'shorturl' - uses TinyURL to shorten the URLS

gem 'twitter-bootstrap-rails' - for front end development, mainly layout, buttons and inputs

gem 'public_suffix' - used to grab the domain from the URL

gem 'best_in_place' - used to edit bookmarks and sites on the fly

imagesloaded.js - preloads images for masonry

masonry.js - nicely fits together bookmark partials of varying height

jquery.tokeninput.js - used for the tagging interface on the homepage



== TODO list

- include the ability to add/edit tags on the show bookmark page.
- create bookmarks using AJAX as soon as the URL is pasted.
- suggest tags from the site's metadata keywords before bookmark creation so the user can see and approve/edit them.
- when searching sites by tag name, the bookmark count displayed in parenthesis should only show the number of bookmarks from that site that include the query tag.
- improve tagging effiency by using a key/value store e.g. redis


